Germa asked me to build a haunted house
with Stans and Andre. And we asked him
what his biggest fear is. And he said,
"Disappointing the people I love." So,
since he's a notorious gambler, we built
a whole casino designed as a trap to
make him miss his son's graduation. Over
here, Mr. Mr. Albertson, welcome to the
uh German casino. What you're going to
notice is there's a lot of different
games here available for you to play.
Why don't you go ahead and uh visit the
cashier behind you? Go ahead and uh take
out whatever you have in your bank
account.
>> Hey, Jeremy, is that you?
>> It's me.
>> I see you got a,000 on the account. You
want all of that? Uh, yeah. I'll take it
all.
>> All right. Here's 1,000 chips. Hope you
have a good time. See you again.
>> This way. You'll notice we have the top
of the line slot machines right here. Go
ahead. Try one. Can I sit down?
>> Yeah. What are you going to put in?
>> I was going to put in 100.
>> All right. Here we go.
>> Ding, ding, ding, ding.
>> $250.
One. German. Now $1,250.
Wow.
>> Mr. Albertson,
>> I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm
coming. We've got a roulette table set
up for you. Whoa.
>> Mr. Albertson, how much would you like
to bet on this roulette?
>> I'll take $1,350
on 25 22 23 26.
>> Come on. Good luck, Mr. Albertson. Good
luck. Good luck. Good luck. Pop popped
up. Popped up,
>> sir. It's uh it's a zero.
>> Let's get that TF2. What do you mean I
failed? What What number did it hit on?
>> So, it was a green zero. you are a VIP
spender. Why don't you come along and uh
you can hang out at the the lounge until
you decide to uh go home.
>> That bet wins every time.
>> I don't think you uh can afford any of
these sort of VIP slot machines.
>> A little vodka pineapple on the house,
you know.
>> Oo, on the house.
>> On the house, you know. I mean, hey, for
our big spenders, I know you lost it
all, but you could at least, you know,
just hang out here and have a good time.
>> Thank you so much.
>> You hear something that
>> What is that? I've heard it before. No,
I'm not.
>> That sounds familiar.
>> I I am Am I Am I graduating?
>> Is this a high school graduation back
here?
>> Dad.
>> Son,
>> am I a high school graduation?
>> I'm here.
>> You can't stop gambling. You can't just
[__] focus for 5 minutes on the most
important day of my life.
>> Oh my god.
>> I've been sitting here waiting for you,
Dad. Cap and gown, diploma in hand. The
only thing you've been good for so far
is paying off this tuition that's coming
up.
>> All right, here you go. How much do you
need?
>> I need $1,000.
>> Mr. Albertson, uh, thank you for
visiting the casino. We hope you come
back next time.
>> Wait, Dad, where did you get the money
to gamble? We've already gone over this.
Dad, you didn't Dad, you didn't do this.
>> Thank you for joining.
>> And that's your biggest nightmare. The
ultimate haunted mansion.